[Music]
still coming from Pakistan yeah of
course
Emma's might succumb in and I know one
who would be perfect for you it's not
fussy really
first-year start at the top and stay
there away from the girls I want to be a
writer but my family is stuck in another
century writing isn't a job I need you
to do more makeup ish better kiss the
girl and get out of this dump
Bruce the direct line to all destroying
this shitty world seriously what does he
know about our worlds
[Music]
you should be listening to our music
before you start getting confused and
hating yourself
[Music]
I listen to everything I can feel it all
right here
it's like Bruce knows everything ever
felt everything I've ever wanted
four poems they're not brilliant for
their minds you think that this man
seems for people like us but he talks to
me
[Applause]
[Music]
you cannot be serious night my dream was
to come here and work hard for my family
if you don't try to fix this we will
lose our fun for good
this guy is incredible you've never
heard lyrics like is that Billy Joel
Billy Joel you try and raise your kids
right
[Music]
ruch things about not letting the
hardness of the world stop you from
letting the best of you slip away my
hope is to build a bridge to my
ambitions but not a wall between my
family and me purpose do you visit I'm
going to see Bruce Springsteen's
hometown I can't think of a better
reason to visit the United States and to
see the home of the boss
[Applause]
traps like us baby we were born to run
did you write that I've told you before
your lyrics are rubbish I didn't even
rhyme
[Music]